as in my home when the wind took the
fire to the O'Briens I knew I need to do
that thing that people wonder about
their whole life decide what you take
from a burning building
objects memories items that are tangible
these are our artifacts our scarves
emotional physical we live our lives and
ask what do we leave behind
don't you tell me how you came across
this beautiful green seems valuable I
don't know about that but it is to me
though
[Music]
what do you want from your grandfather
still be something box of love letters
diaries lives lived I raised my family
here and you know what I saw
you can tell everybody that I died as I
lived my childhood home you're a puzzle
little bro it's just hard for me to
understand what this all means to you
this is your space I might things are
not the same as they were before things
have changed you don't have to go back
to that house my second arrow my house
is the last place you saw her every
memory she has it's been here
[Music]
laughs it may be all you have left